Release Samply.Beam 0.7.0 (#158)
samply/beam: CHANGELOG.md

* *Revamped Internal Event Handling:* The internal message queue of the broker has been completely refactored. The broker now employs a much more elegant event manager to handle tasks, expirations, and other events. Not only does this improve the efficiency, the new system is better maintainable and easily extensible in the future.
* *Introducing `beam-lib` Crate:* The project now contains a separate crate, `beam-lib`, exposing many data structures such as BeamIds and Task/Result structs. This crate can be used by application developers to easily interface with a beam proxy in the Rust programming language.
* *Enhanced Broker Health Monitoring:* The Broker `health` Endpoint is much more verbose and can -- thanks to the control connection -- return information regarding the proxy connection status. This makes monitoring in a highly federated system much simpler.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Certificate Management:* Support for revocation of Beam certificates. Enhanced cert management companion tools.

```

# Samply.Beam 0.7.0 – 2023-10-04

> This version, Samply.Beam 0.7.0, has long been in the making and introduces multiple improvements, new features, and bug fixes. In particular, we are thrilled to introduce the possibility to use Samply.Beam for secure and easy *direct socket connections*. This opens Samply.Beam for many additional use cases, where a message-passing approach is not suitable, e.g. applications with high bandwidth demands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This major release features almost 300 commits introducing multiple improvements, new features, and bug fixes. In particular, we are thrilled to introduce the possibility to use Samply.Beam for secure and easy *direct socket connections*. This opens Samply.Beam for many additional use cases, where a message-passing approach is not suitable, e.g. applications with high bandwidth demands.
```
